Here's a quick list of stuff to do.
Feel free to add. Don't delete, just move the item
to the completed section, or move it to the disagree
section. 


Bug:
bottom 2 layers cannot plant

TO DO:

add pause button

add click to start





Picture of Brad

You can expand the base by building a new one at a different location
also, you can only build in a radius of two tiles from the base

AI's attack is Lawsuit, same functionality as protest.

button to plant crops

loading screen

make the growed crops only keep for 15s, then they will get bad.
have a button under the attack, which can help u collect ur crops. if it can 
keep for 30-60s, that may be good.

having different diificulties

having benifit after u collect 100 crops(or even more) and
have never miss any crop, u may have a robot help u collect ur crops for 15-30s.
it`s kind of like the achievement.

get a PAUSE button.

having a short story while loading, which is the background for this game

tractor curser

wheat  15 seconds  $50  $100
corn   30 seconds  $100 $300
cherry 60 seconds  $500 $1500

lady bug $25__get 150% money

have 2 expensive bridges on the river so that player and AI can plant on the other side

win game (get a certain amount of money or get more money in a certain time)

tiles highlight when the mouse is over them
NOT WORKING - Implemented but draw happens too fast for
the eye to see. Maybe we should have two draw functions
staggered so it can be visible. Maybe a slight pause? 
Maybe I don't know what is going on. Probably the later.

get Justin's website on Cloud 9

DISAGREE:
Example: Having different types of crops may be beyond
scope. Basic functionality first.

Make the map array filled with tile obj
with layer members and properties. This could greatly
simplify things - See obj aTile - BAD IDEA - JAMES


COMPLETED:
Example: Fixed scrolling and click position bug -JAMES

crops can only be planted by other crops or base -JAMES

crops give money after 20 (or something) seconds -JAMES

money counter in menu - JAMES

crops cost money to plant - JAMES

crops disapear after 20 seconds - JAMES

AI gets money from crops planted - JAMES

AI plants crops if has money - COULD USE RECURSION SEARCH - JAMES

Bases and crops belong to player or not -JAMES
Note: Instead of coding the issue, I just made new objects for the AI

design the style - LUNA

Protesting button - JAMES

add dead wasted crops,
if not harvested in time, crops will turn into 
dead ones and and they don't give any moneyk - CURRENTLY TURNS TO TREES
This may be sufficient, improvements can make their way into the todo list - JAMES
